Chameleon friends here and there.
video of today I come with news to
respect of pokémon xey high few
days for its launch
and today, September 25 plus one
pokémon was revealed by the official website
blade pokémon the evolution of ronald
now he turns into two swords
however it maintains almost all its
features except color
and also maintains its ability to guard
it is not yet known if this will be the
final evolution of roland since the
most pokémons objects let's say
always end up with a third way
then a new commercial came out
fourth 1 network promoting pokémon xi and
y commercial we can see various styles
clothes the characters are wearing
the most intriguing is that a new blur
appeared exactly to the exact eight
seconds of the commercial
we can see what looks like a new
pokémon some people think that it is not
a new pokémon
But, what do you think I'm going to do?
commercial link in video description
and I'm not very close, there are more rumors
a strong rumor came out this weekend
in which iv will have another evolution and
not only Sylvio as everyone still thought
I do not know what your new type will be
but there are strong chances of being dressed and there
What do you think is missing very few
days for the launch of xye pokémon
by then stay tuned for more
here on the chameleon channel a
I hugged friends and went